When you go downhill, you have to stick out your chest or you will fell down.   -- Source	
When you go downhill, you have to stick out your chest or you will fall down.	-- target
When you go downhill, you have to stick out your chest or you will fall down.	-- Scribendi.ai
When you go downhill, you have to stick out your chest or you will fall down.	-- Zaid

I heard a sentence last night when I watched TV. -- Source
I heard a sentence last night when I was watching TV. -- Target
I heard a sentence last night when I watched TV.      -- Scribendi.ai
I heard a sentence last night while watching TV.      -- Zaid

When booking a airline , we can just simply make a phone to any agency , and get it done in one minute . -- Source
When booking a flight , we can just make a phone call to any agency , and get it done in one minute . --Target
When booking an airline, we can simply make a phone to any agency and get it done in one minute. -- scribendi.ai
When booking an airline, we can simply call an agency and do it in a minute. --Zaid

First at all , I am sorry about Richard illness . -- Source
First at all , I am sorry about Richard 's illness . -- Target
First at all, I am sorry about Richard’s illness. --Scribendi.ai
First of all, I'm sorry for Richard's disease. -- Zaid

The visitor can wonder around all the building or follow a guided visit . -- Source
The visitor can wander around the whole building or follow a guided tour . --Target
Visitors can wonder around all the buildings or follow a guided visit. --Scribendi.ai
The visitor can marvel at the entire building or follow a guided tour. --Zaid

This is an historical building . -- Source
This is a historical building . --target
This is an historical building . --Scribendi.ai
This is a historic building. --Zaid

Is situated in the top of a little mountain in the " old " part on the city . -- Source
It is situated on the top of a little mountain in the " old " part of the city . --Target
It is situated at the top of a little mountain in the "old" part of the city. --Scribendi.ai
Located on a small mountain in the "old" part of the city. --Zaid

Our college is not much far away .  -- Source
Our college is not very far away . --Target
Our college is not much far away . --Scribendi.ai
Our college is not far away. -- Zaid

After three stations you have arrived Brooklyn street . -- Source
After three stations you have arrived at Brooklyn street . --Target
After three stations you have arrived Brooklyn Street . --Scribendi.ai (Capital S for street)
After three stops you will have arrived on Brooklyn Street. --Zaid

It will be offered light food , like sandwiches , pommes frites , chips , sweets and different drinks - no alcohol.  -- Source
They will be offered light food , like sandwiches , pommes frites , chips , sweets and different drinks - no alcohol . -- Target
It will be offered light food, like sandwiches, pommes frites, chips, sweets and different drinks – no alcohol. -- Scribendi.ai
Light meals such as sandwiches, french fries, french fries, sweets and various drinks are offered - no alcohol. --Zaid
